Port refactoring to label (#31)
src-d/tm-experiments: README.md

    └── my-bow
        ├── my-artm-exp
        │   ├── doctopic.npy
        │   ├── wordtopic.npy
        │   └── labels.txt
        └── my-hdp-exp
            ├── doctopic.npy
            └── wordtopic.npy
```

For all commands we only specify the required arguments, check the optional ones with `docker run --rm -i tmexp $CMD --help`

> ### preprocess

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `preprocess` command
```

  tmexp preprocess -r repo --dataset-name my-dataset
```

Once this job is finished, the output file should be located in `/path/to/data/datasets/`. Unless you wish to run this command once more, you can remove the Babelfish and Gitbase containers, as they will not be of further use, with:

`docker stop tmexp_gitbase tmexp_bblfshd`

For the sake of explaining the next command, we assume you ran it a second time, and created a dataset named `my-dataset-2`.

> ### merge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `merge` command
```

  tmexp merge -i my-dataset my-dataset-2 -r repo --dataset-name my-merged-dataset
```

Once this job is finished, the output file should be located in `/path/to/data/datasets/`.

> ### create-bow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `create-bow` command
```

  tmexp create-bow --topic-model diff --dataset-name my-dataset --bow-name my-bow
```

Once this job is finished, the output files should be located in `/path/to/data/bows/my-bow/`

> ### train-artm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `train-artm` command
```

  tmexp train-artm --bow-name my-bow --exp-name my-artm-exp --min-docs-abs 1
```

Once this job is finished, the output files should be located in `/path/to/data/topics/my-bow/my-artm-exp`.

> ### train-hdp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `train-hdp` command
```

  tmexp train-hdp --bow-name my-bow --exp-name my-hdp-exp
```

Once this job is finished, the output files should be located in `/path/to/data/topics/my-bow/my-hdp-exp`.

> ### label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `label` command
```

> This command will allow you to automatically label the topics of a model created previously. You can launch the training with the following command (don't forget to specify the bow and experience name):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command automatically computes labels for topics of a previously created model (don't forget to specify the bow and experience name):
```
